what makes your heart sing what is your
biggest passion what makes you feel
alive what are you really good at
everything starts the dream behind every
great contribution to humanity behind
every great achievement there is a
powerful desire in someone's heart and a
clear intention someone's mind
you
one of the great dreamers of all times
was Walt Disney it was the person who
said if you can dream it you can achieve
it and he left some clues about how to
make a dream come true
and about how to make a dream a success
and he said all you need is three rooms
the dreaming room the action room and
the evaluation the dreaming room the
place where he would gather pictures of
his projects things he wanted to achieve
a place where he would surround himself
with books with words that flooded his
imagination with inspiration in this
room he said dream big make a picture of
what you want to achieve with no
limitations
what would you dream today if you knew
you could not fail the dreaming room had
a rule perhaps the most important rule
of all never criticize your dream and
then you can move to the other room the
second room the room for action imagined
action the place where you take the
steps to make your dream come true the
place where you will plan every detail
and when you put your imagination into
action you are ready to develop your
dream and move to the third the room for
evaluation the room woody we'll look
back at the road and you will ask
yourself perhaps the single most
important question how can I make it
better how can I improve my project how
can I be even more successful the
problem is that many times when we have
a dream we move from this room to this
room
so we criticize the dream we evaluate
the dream before it is even born and
that's the perfect way to kill a dream